README.md, before:

# FSJS Project 6: Static Node.js and Express Site
 
My sixth project for the Full Stack JavaScript Techdegree program at Treehouse. A portfolio website built using Node.js and Express. This showcases my first 5 Treehouse projects.

## How To Use
 - You can view a live version of this project here: https://thp6-staticnodeexpress.herokuapp.com
 - If you want a local copy of the project:
    1. Download the files: https://github.com/ramoshe/thp6-staticNodeExpress/archive/refs/heads/main.zip
    2. In the console, navigate to the main project folder and run `npm install` and then `npm start`
    3. In your browser go to http://localhost:3000

## Extra Credit - Custom Styles
 - changed sidebar color
 - added Poppins as default font
 - added shadows to buttons

## Project Description
*From Treehouse*

So far you've worked with a lot of "client-side" JavaScript. Which is just an industry way of saying JavaScript in the browser. All of the JavaScript you've written for the first five projects in this Techdegree is run right in the browser. Now it's time to continue your journey out of the browser and start writing some powerful "server-side" JavaScript.

In this project, you'll create a gorgeous portfolio site to showcase the great projects you've built. The site will contain a modern landing page, an about page where you'll have a chance to share contact info, practice your elevator pitch and talk a little about yourself, and a series of project pages to show off and detail at least your first five projects from this Techdegree.

You'll create a JSON file to store all the data about the projects you've created.

You'll use Pug to complete provided templates that utilize the JSON to generate the markup that is ultimately displayed in the browser.

You'll use Node.js and Express to:
 - Import the required dependencies
 - Link the JSON with the Pug templates
 - Set up routes to handle requests
 - Set up the middleware to utilize static files like CSS
 - Handle errors
 - Set up a server to serve the project

After building this project, you should have a comfortable working knowledge of Node.js, Express and Pug, setting up a server, handling requests, working with server-side JavaScript, and building a powerful and modern back end project. And you'll have an important new skill to make you more marketable as a Full Stack JavaScript Developer.

Commit message:

update profile image, styles, little content

README.md, after:

# FSJS Project 6: Static Node.js and Express Site

My sixth project for the Full Stack JavaScript Techdegree program at Treehouse. A portfolio website built using Node.js and Express. This showcases my first 5 Treehouse projects.

## Icon/Photo Credit
The icon the is used in this project as the profile photo was made by [Flat Icons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/flat-icons) from https://www.flaticon.com/"

## How To Use
 - You can view a live version of this project here: https://thp6-staticnodeexpress.herokuapp.com
 - If you want a local copy of the project:
    1. Download the files: https://github.com/ramoshe/thp6-staticNodeExpress/archive/refs/heads/main.zip
    2. In the console, navigate to the main project folder and run `npm install` and then `npm start`
    3. In your browser go to http://localhost:3000

## Extra Credit - Custom Styles
 - changed sidebar color
 - added Poppins as default font
 - added shadows to buttons

## Project Description
*From Treehouse*

So far you've worked with a lot of "client-side" JavaScript. Which is just an industry way of saying JavaScript in the browser. All of the JavaScript you've written for the first five projects in this Techdegree is run right in the browser. Now it's time to continue your journey out of the browser and start writing some powerful "server-side" JavaScript.

In this project, you'll create a gorgeous portfolio site to showcase the great projects you've built. The site will contain a modern landing page, an about page where you'll have a chance to share contact info, practice your elevator pitch and talk a little about yourself, and a series of project pages to show off and detail at least your first five projects from this Techdegree.

You'll create a JSON file to store all the data about the projects you've created.

You'll use Pug to complete provided templates that utilize the JSON to generate the markup that is ultimately displayed in the browser.

You'll use Node.js and Express to:
 - Import the required dependencies
 - Link the JSON with the Pug templates
 - Set up routes to handle requests
 - Set up the middleware to utilize static files like CSS
 - Handle errors
 - Set up a server to serve the project

After building this project, you should have a comfortable working knowledge of Node.js, Express and Pug, setting up a server, handling requests, working with server-side JavaScript, and building a powerful and modern back end project. And you'll have an important new skill to make you more marketable as a Full Stack JavaScript Developer.
